Create Section 4 of Controller Admin guide (#657)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/ref-controller-scm-inv-source-fields.adoc

[id="ref-controller-scm-inv-source-fields"]

= SCM Inventory Source Fields

The source fields used are:

> * `source_project`: the project to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `source_project`: the project to use.
```

> * `source_path`: relative path inside the project indicating a directory or a file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `source_path`: the relative path inside the project indicating a directory or a file. 
```

If left blank, "" is still a relative path indicating the root directory of the project.
* `source_vars`: if set on a "file" type inventory source then they are passed to the environment variables when running.

Additionally:

* An update of the project automatically triggers an inventory update where it is used. 
* An update of the project is scheduled immediately after creation of the inventory source. 
* Neither inventory nor project updates are blocked while a related job is running. 
* In cases where you have a large project (around 10 GB), disk space on `/tmp` may be an issue.

You can specify a location manually in the {ControllerName} UI from the *Create Inventory Source* page. 
Refer to the [Inventories] section of the _{ControllerUG}_ for instructions on creating an inventory source.
//It's in proc-controller-add-source.adoc

> This listing must be refreshed to latest SCM information on a project update. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you update a project, refresh the listing to use the latest SCM information. 
```
guessing here
